Update docs and setup ex_doc (#71)
still-ex/still: guides/introduction/getting_started.md

# Getting Started

Still is a simple static site generator for pragmatic developers. It's a modern tool that doesn't magically solve every single problem, but also doesn't create any new ones or generate new developer positions. It's a modern and sane experience, designed to be composable, easy to use and to grow in complexity with your needs and abilities.

🚧 _This documentation is still incomplete, but we built [the landing page](https://github.com/subvisual/still/tree/master/priv/site) with Still to showcase some of its features. Have a look there if you can't find what you're looking for here._

## Quick start

Still is in early active development. It requires Elixir 1.10.4 and Erlang 23.0.3. It may work with previous versions, but these are the versions we are using at the moment.

```bash
mix archive.install hex still
mix still.new mysite
```

> This will create an Elixir project in the folder _my_new_site_. You'll find an `index.slime` file inside `priv/site`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create an Elixir project in the folder _mysite_. You'll find an `index.slime` file inside `priv/site`.
```

Run `mix still.dev` to start the development server. Then open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your web browser to see the new website.

## Installation

Still can be used by itself or as part of another project.

### For new projects

Run `mix archive.install hex still` to install the archive on your system.

Afterwards, create a site by running `mix still.new my_site`. That's it!

### Adding to an existing project

Add `still` as a dependency in `mix.exs`:

```elixir
def deps do
  [

>     {:still, "~> 0.0.1"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {:still, "~> 0.1.1"}
```
